Added README file (#13)
Azure/compute-hub: scenarios/microsoft-azure-arcbox-v1/README.md

- Training tool for Azure Arc skills development
- Demo environment for customer presentations or events
- Rapid integration testing platform

### ArcBox "Flavors"

ArcBox comes in multiple "flavors", or configurations, which can be selected to best suit your needs. Currently, the available flavors are:

- [ArcBox "Full"](https://azurearcjumpstart.io/azure_jumpstart_arcbox/Full)
    The core ArcBox experience with Azure Arc-enabled servers, Kubernetes, and data services capabilities.

    ![ArcBox architecture diagram](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/microsoft/azure_arc/main/docs/azure_jumpstart_arcbox/arch_full.png)

- [ArcBox for IT Pros](https://azurearcjumpstart.io/azure_jumpstart_arcbox/ITPro)
    This essential Azure Arc-enabled servers sandbox includes a mix of Microsoft Windows and Linux servers managed using the included capabilities such Azure Monitor, Microsoft Defender for Cloud, Azure Policy, Update Management and more.

    ![ArcBox for IT Pros architecture diagram](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/microsoft/azure_arc/main/docs/azure_jumpstart_arcbox/arch_itpro.png)

- [ArcBox for DevOps](https://azurearcjumpstart.io/azure_jumpstart_arcbox/DevOps)

>     This essential Azure Arc-enabled Kubernetes sandbox with the included capabilities such as GitOps, Open Service Mesh (OSM), secrets management, monitoring, and more.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    This essential Azure Arc-enabled Kubernetes sandbox includes capabilities such as GitOps, Open Service Mesh (OSM), secrets management, monitoring, and more.
```
